---
title: Grand Openings of Taiwan Pavilion and the Global Biotech Entrepreneur Forum 2019
summary: The BIO International Convention, the annual gathering of the biotechnology industry and the largest of its kind in the world, opened its doors on June 3rd in Philadelphia
image: /images/20190605news.jpg
category: news
permalink: /news/grand-openings-of-taiwan-pavilion-and-the-global-biotech-entrepreneur-forum-2019/
layout: page
---
TAIPEI, Taiwan // Press Release, Board of Science and Technology, Executive Yuan of Taiwan // The BIO International Convention, the annual gathering of the biotechnology industry and the largest of its kind in the world, opened its doors on June 3rd in Philadelphia, USA. One day before the opening of the main event, Taiwan took to the stage at a satellite event, the Global Biotech Entrepreneur Forum 2019, on June 2nd.Representing the delegation, Minister without Portfolio Wu Tsung-Tsong of the Executive Yuan used the occasion to present Taiwan's unique advantages and opportunities by highlighting the cross-domain integration of AI and healthcare, the loosening of regulations on governing regenerative medicine and the friendly investment environment for the industry.

2019 Global Biotech Entrepreneur Forum was co-hosted by the Development Center for Biotechnology (DCB) and Temple University of Philadelphia The forum attracted more than 300 guests and close to half of them were foreign scholars. This year, the forum focused on three main areas;  “biological preparation and -AI medical applications”,  “emerging medical technologies”  and “investment and innovation”. Keynote speeches were made by leading AI and biotechnology opinion leaders from US, Italy and Taiwan, including George Yancopoulos, president of Regeneron; Gary Wu, professor at University of Pennsylvania College of Medicine; Ching-Yung Lin, president of AI firm Graphin and Andrea R. Beecari, Vice President of Dompé Farmaceutici. The forum also invited 20 biomedical startups from Taiwan, Italy and the United States  to make presentations on their latest R&D discoveries and advancement in technologies.

At the grand opening of Taiwan Pavilion, Taiwan dignitaries and distinguished foreign guests included Minister without Portfolio Wu Tsung-Tsong, Ambassador Lily L. W. Hsu of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in New York, Deputy Minister Shieh Dar-Bin of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Minister of Health and Welfare Ho Chi-Kung, and Leu Jang-Hwa, Director General, Industrial Development Bureau, Ministry of Economic Affairs to show the government’s support and determination in the advancement of biomedical industry. For the distinguished foreign guests, we have invited Mr. Neil Weaver, Executive Deputy Secretary for the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development; Mr. Wesley Mathews, Vice President of New Jersey’s Economic Development; Jim Greenwood, CEO of BIO (the Biotechnology Innovation Organization) were in attendance to congratulate and celebrated the opening in a Taiwanese characteristic tea party. Mr. Greenwood delivered a speech to make an exciting announcement that for the first time, BIO will cooperate with the Taiwan Bio Industry Organization (Taiwan BIO) to host the Bio Asia-Taiwan 2019 Conference and Exhibition in Nangang from July 24th to 28th. Biotech and pharma experts from Asia and around the world are expected to gather in Taiwan for the inaugural holding of exciting event.

On the evening of June 4th, the Taiwan delegation’s Farewell Dinner was held at the Ritz Carlton Hotel. Minister Wu Tsung-Tsong hosted the banquet to more than 300 guests and thanked members of the delegation for their enthusiastic and tireless support of Taiwan during their visit to the USA, and for all the planning and organization needed to make it happen. The occasion was also an opportunity for the delegation and invited foreign supporters and business partners to socialize in a relaxed and pleasant environment, and to strengthen the bonds of business and friendship.

See you again at BIO 2020!
